c:\users\galaad\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\MiniFoursquare\MiniFoursquare\bin\x64\Debug\Assets\Logo.png
c:\users\galaad\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\MiniFoursquare\MiniFoursquare\bin\x64\Debug\Assets\SmallLogo.png
c:\users\galaad\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\MiniFoursquare\MiniFoursquare\bin\x64\Debug\Assets\SplashScreen.png
c:\users\galaad\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\MiniFoursquare\MiniFoursquare\bin\x64\Debug\Assets\StoreLogo.png
c:\users\galaad\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\MiniFoursquare\MiniFoursquare\bin\x64\Debug\MiniFoursquare.exe
c:\users\galaad\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\MiniFoursquare\MiniFoursquare\bin\x64\Debug\MiniFoursquare.pdb
c:\users\galaad\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\MiniFoursquare\MiniFoursquare\bin\x64\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\galaad\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\MiniFoursquare\MiniFoursquare\bin\x64\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\galaad\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\MiniFoursquare\MiniFoursquare\bin\x64\Debug\MiniFoursquare.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\galaad\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\MiniFoursquare\MiniFoursquare\bin\x64\Debug\Bing.Maps.winmd
c:\users\galaad\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\MiniFoursquare\MiniFoursquare\bin\x64\Debug\Bing.Maps.xml
c:\users\galaad\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\MiniFoursquare\MiniFoursquare\obj\x64\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\galaad\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\MiniFoursquare\MiniFoursquare\obj\x64\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\galaad\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\MiniFoursquare\MiniFoursquare\obj\x64\Debug\BlankPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\galaad\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\MiniFoursquare\MiniFoursquare\obj\x64\Debug\BlankPage.g.cs
c:\users\galaad\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\MiniFoursquare\MiniFoursquare\obj\x64\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\galaad\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\MiniFoursquare\MiniFoursquare\obj\x64\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\galaad\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\MiniFoursquare\MiniFoursquare\obj\x64\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.xaml
c:\users\galaad\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\MiniFoursquare\MiniFoursquare\obj\x64\Debug\BlankPage.xaml
c:\users\galaad\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\MiniFoursquare\MiniFoursquare\obj\x64\Debug\MiniFoursquare.exe
c:\users\galaad\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\MiniFoursquare\MiniFoursquare\obj\x64\Debug\MiniFoursquare.pdb
c:\users\galaad\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\MiniFoursquare\MiniFoursquare\obj\x64\Debug\MiniFoursquare.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\galaad\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\MiniFoursquare\MiniFoursquare\obj\x64\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\galaad\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\MiniFoursquare\MiniFoursquare\obj\x64\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\galaad\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\MiniFoursquare\MiniFoursquare\obj\x64\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\galaad\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\MiniFoursquare\MiniFoursquare\obj\x64\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\galaad\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\MiniFoursquare\MiniFoursquare\obj\x64\Debug\LanguageQualifiers.txt
c:\users\galaad\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\MiniFoursquare\MiniFoursquare\obj\x64\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
c:\users\galaad\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\MiniFoursquare\MiniFoursquare\bin\x64\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\galaad\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\MiniFoursquare\MiniFoursquare\bin\x64\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.pdb
c:\users\galaad\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\MiniFoursquare\MiniFoursquare\bin\x64\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\galaad\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\MiniFoursquare\MiniFoursquare\obj\x64\Debug\MiniFoursquare.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\galaad\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\MiniFoursquare\MiniFoursquare\obj\x64\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\galaad\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\MiniFoursquare\MiniFoursquare\obj\x64\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\galaad\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\MiniFoursquare\MiniFoursquare\obj\x64\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\galaad\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\MiniFoursquare\MiniFoursquare\obj\x64\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
